Dear T, W, and S,

If you are reading this, then I am dead.  I want you to know how much I loved you all.  And, how much I loved life.  There were fewer things that made me happier than coming home to a big running hug from either of my "crazy boys" or a kiss from "Trika."

To W & S
-------------
It is my greatest hope that you two characters learn your strengths (and weaknesses) before you enter college.  If you find that you suck at drawing, don't become an architect.  Seriously....If you find that you're good at writing, please give journalism some consideration.  The point is simple:  Do something that plays to your strengths.  Then a funny thing happens:  work is not work.  Work becomes fun.  I have always loved programming and technology.  As a kid, I loved to create things with legos and programming an old Atari 800 computer.  As an adult, I got paid to play with technology legos -- and I love it....Find something you love and the money will follow.  


To W
-------
Remember what I have said over the years:  You are the protector.  Your job is to protect S.  Look out for him.  Protect him.  When all of your parents, aunts and uncles are all dead, you two will still be alive.  It's important that you take care of each other.  Help each other out because you're family.  That's what family does.  

You will find that as you get older, helping family out will not be easy:  helping family can take time; it can be inconvenient.  But, you should do it anyway.  I have flown to Chicago a few times to help Uncle Ben and Uncle Justin paint their homes.  No, it wasn't convenient; it was expensive and time-consuming.  But, we're family -- we do things just because.  And, you will find [as you get older] that doing things for others is extremely rewarding.


To S
------
As the youngest, you get away with a lot more than W does.  In some ways, your life is a little easier as your Mom and Dad become better parents (practicing on W).  In other ways, your life is harder.  You may feel that you're always in W's shadow.  Don't worry about that.  Remember that you have strengths of your own that he does not.  So, don't worry what W does.  Be your own man.  Walk your own path.  And, don't be afraid of what anyone else says.  Even though you're only 3 today, I see some of your character traits:  You don't follow W at every turn; you're independent.  You don't like it when I yell at your older brother.  Clearly, you have an inner strength.  And, you have a strong sense of right and wrong.  And, you're extremely generous with hugs and kisses -- which tells me that you have a softer side that is warm and caring.    



To T
---------
If you find someone who makes you happy, by all means, re-marry.  I will understand.  I've only wanted your happiness.  

I would encourage you to smile more often.  Laugh more often.  And, do not worry what others say or fear.  Of course, this is easier said than done.  But, when you smile, the whole world lights-up.  It is a wonderful thing.  It is what I [used to] live for....

It's OK to take care of yourself, too.  I see you always taking care of the boys, me, and family.  But, you tend to put *yourself* on the bottom of your list.  It's OK to be a little selfish here and there....

Finally, remember that your inlaws will be around long after your parents are gone.  Embrace them.  And, you will find there's more warmth there then you may know.....


Adam's Philosophy
-----------------
 1) We're family -- protect each other.  Do things for other family members without asking for something in return.
 2) Respect is a two-way street:  If you want your parents to treat you as an adult, then you must act as one
 3) Talk about money.  It's not magical.  There are many concepts behind money -- i.e., investing, insurance, retirement...that you will understand the magic of compounding before it's too late.   
 4) Setup a savings-and-match-program for the kids.  As the kids become about 12, setup a save-up-money-and-match program
    Mom & Dad will invest it and match whatever is saved.
 5) Parents should know what their kids strengths & weaknesses are before they enter college to help them choose colleges/first careers
 6) Have some fun.  Life is short.  You never know when the end will come.  Go ahead, play in the dirt.  You can always wash your jeans later.... :)
 7) As an employee, your greatest power is the ability to quit a job.  Don't use it casually, but remember that it is there.
 8) Dig your well before your thirsty.  Make sure you have a network of friends outside of family.
 9) Don't argue for under $20.  If you're going to argue over something, it should be something important -- not over something petty.
10) Don't steal the car.  Ask.  Remember:  If you ask nicely, 9 times out of 10, Mom & Dad will say yes.
11) Each year, at Yom Kippur, we should forgive someone that has wronged us.  Surprisingly, forgiving someone else is more therapeutic for the forgiver than the forgivee.
12) Knowledge is not power.  But, a small number of people working together can be powerful.


The Great Dally Lama made this quote:
  "Happiness is not pleasure.  Unhappiness is not the same as suffering.  
   Suffering -- i.e., old age,sickness, death -- is the law of life.  
   Unhappiness and happiness are positions we choose to bring to life.
   True happiness does not mean trying to acquire things as much as letting go of things.  In the end, happiness is a choice."
I always found this quote to be inspirational and profound......

I've done some dumb things in my life.  I've done some wonderful things.  So, take a lesson from me and don't dwell in the past.  We've all made mistakes.  Learn from them.  But, then move on.


For my headstone
----------------
Please keep it simple:  just my name and birth and death dates.  
		Adam L. Resnick
		Nov 9, 1971 -  ??
		
Trying to sum-up a man's life in a few words is too difficult.  So, please don't try.  What I would like is for you to remember me.  Visit my headstone once-per-year.  And, remember how much I loved you all.  No one is really dead until they are forgotten....

How I wish I could give you all one last hug or one last hope.  But, it is not to be.  Live warm and rewarding lives.

Love,




Adam L. Resnick
12/07/2008
