Bourbon Salmon
--------------

Ingredients
-----------
	1/3   cup honey
	1/3   cup bourbon whisky
	2     tablespoon brown sugar
	2 ½   tablespoons soy sauce
	1     teaspoon whole grain mustard
	1     tablespoon finely minced or grated fresh ginger
	1     medium clove garlic finely minced
	¼-½   teaspoons red pepper flakes crushed red pepper*
	1     tablespoon fresh lime juice
	
For the salmon:
	4-6 ounce salmon filets
	kosher salt
	freshly ground black pepper
	fresh lime juice  


Instructions
 1. Line 2 sheet pans with foil for easy clean up. Spray both with cooking spray or rub lightly with oil.

 2. Combine honey, bourbon, brown sugar, soy sauce, mustard, ginger, garlic and red pepper flakes in a small pan. 
    Bring mixture to a boil over medium high heat, stirring continuously.

 3. Reduce heat to medium and maintain a steady boil for about 5 minutes, stirring frequently. 
    You'll need to take pan off of the burner and let the bubbling settle down to check it. 
    Mixture should be syrupy and reduced to about one half. It will get a bit thicker as it cools.
    You may need to boil it for another minute or two to achieve the syrupy consistency.

 4. Add lime juice and stir well to combine. If making ahead, transfer sauce to a covered container and store at room temperature.
    If serving salmon right away, pour half of this mixture into a small bowl, leave the rest in the pan.

 5. Preheat oven to high broil.
    Position an oven rack about 6-7 inches from broiling element.

 6. Season salmon lightly with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper on both sides. 
    Brush with sauce on top and sides.

 7. Place it on prepared sheet pan and place pan under broiler. 
    Broil for 5 minutes.
    Remove from oven and transfer to other pan, flipping each fillet to opposite side 
    (This will prevent smoking when you return pan to oven.) Brush second side with sauce.

 8. Return to broiler for 4 minutes.
    -- If top is not nicely browned and slightly charred in places, move rack up one level and cook for another 15 seconds to a minute.
    -- Watch carefully at this point so that salmon doesn't burn.
    -- If salmon pieces vary in size, you may have to rearrange them half way through the broiling time *OR*
       remove them as they are finished. Serve with fresh lime wedges


Patty says she only uses 1 tbsp of brown sugar, no lime juice, and no red pepper flakes

