Chipotle Salmon Dinner  (made on 2/15/2019)
-------------------------------------------
I made this dinner and it turned-out incredibly well: 
   Main dish:    Chiptole Salmon w/blackberry glaze
   Side dishes:  Corn-on-the-cob, oven roasted sweet potatoes fries, oven roasted russet potatoes, oven roasted carrots
   
   
Procedure
--------- 
 1. Chuck the corn and put it into a large pot
 2. Two hours before dinner, begin your prep
    a.  Preheat 2 ovens to 350 F
    a.  Get 3 baking racks, cover with heavy-duty tin foil, and spray with pam
    b.  Peel and cut into sweet potoes, russet potatoes, and carrots
        a) Peel them
        b) Cut them into large pieces
        c) Put the pieces into a large mixing bowl
        d) Add salt, pepper, and olive oil   (when in doubt go heavy with the salt and pepper)
        e) Mix them in the bowl by hand
        f) Spray pam on a baking sheet
        g) Add to a baking sheet
           NOTE:  Make sure you don't have too much oil on the baking sheet
           
 3. 1.25 hours before dinner:  
    Start baking the vegetables
    a. Put the 3 baking sheets in 2 separate ovens at 350 F
    b. Every 15 minutes, flip the racks from top to bottom
       It will take 75 minutes (baking at 350 F to cook all of the vegetables)
       At 350 F, they did not burn (as long as they pieces are cut somewhat larger)    
        
 4. 1 hour before dinner:  
    Start working on the salmon 
    Follow the recipe from the chipotle salmon:
    NOTE: To get the joice of the blackberries,
           a) Get a small pasta strainer
           b) Add blackberries to the strainer
           c) Place a bowl underneath the strainer (so the joice will fall into the bowl)
           d) Hold the strainer over the bowl and use a pestle to crush the blackberries
              so the seeds stay in the strainer and the blackberry juice goes into the bowl
    
    Had to transfer all of the vegetables to one oven (as they bake at 350 and the salmon bakes at 425)
    I checked the salmon at 14 minutes and then added 2 more minutes.
    It was prefect, but W does not like the taste of baked slamon these days...Sigh....
              
              
 It turned out amazing. 
 
          
