How to Run a Virtual Machine from a VMX file
--------------------------------------------

Assumptions:
 A) You have VMware Workstation 12 Player installed
 B) You have a zip file that contains the virtual machine
 
 Procedures
 ----------
  1. Import your VM
     a. Startup VMware Workstation 12 Player
     b. Pull Player -> File -> Open
     c. Browse to the .vmx file
        -- You should see the virtual machine as powered off


 2. Configure the CPUs and memeory for you VM
    a. Select your VM, press "Edit virtual machine settings"
    b. Select the "Hardware" tab
       1) Select Processors
          -- Enter the number of processor cores
          
       2) Select Memory
          -- Enter the amount of memory
          
       Press OK

 
 3. Startup your VM
    a. Select your VM, press "PLay Virtual Machine"
    b. If you get a warning saying the virtual machine might have been moved or cipied"
       -- If you are not sure, select "I copied it"
    c. If you get a warning about the keyboard hook timeout value is not set to the value recommeneded
       Press OK
    d. In the Removable Devices popup,
       press OK
       -- You should see the machine starting-up
       
    
    
    NOTE:  VMware does *NOT* support copy+paste from Windows to a Linux Console
           It will work if you are running X-Windows or a real graphical windows manager
           
           
    
  4. Optional:  Install VMware Tools
     If you get a Software Updates popup saying that "VMware Tools for Linux" is available for download
     press "Download and Install"
     
     After the install, you should see [on the bottom]:  VMware Tools enabled many features....
     Press "Install Tools"
     
  5. Reboot your host machine (not the VM)
  
  
  6. Optional: Configure Copy + Paste between your desktop and the guest VM
     a. Turn off your VM
     b. Right-click on VM -> Settings
     c. Click on the "Options" tab
        1) Select General
        2) Enhanced keyboard - use if available
     d. Restart the VM
     
     
  NOTE:  Press Ctrl-Alt to get the cursor out of your VM and back to your desktop
  
    
  
